to 200 plus Junction white boy
into left 5 don't come pass Junction 100
trespass junction into right six over
Christ pass Junction 80 turn left
forelimb book 80
turning 180
left six on the Christ amen
1:53 dead and Christ past Junction
can jump lady boss Junction 80 class
Junction
right six what poverty
Christ and Christ
course breaking turn right one duck up
into turn right one though cut pass
Junction 80
boss Junction 18 left six
right for plus Junction 80 left 5 100
class junctions why 502 Christ can let
three no-cut pass Junction
don't wash 10.5 the media habit left
brown bears keep it Brock sonic sent 200
press jump baby 80 up Junction into left
six lock button and crest
push breaking limb 3.6 130
motion right fine
and turn right hold up cut each u-turn
square left local team in Brussels exit
GM request
that's caution Christ an immediate left
Banco
two-fifty down
turn right ball through demo Camaro
a cheek rest
it's you right fine
let's X course breaking turn square
right septum 40 pass Junction
Hey
turn left unlock cars 60
right boy long 130
Canton Lamonica opens 100
Oh touch canebrakes entry 150
Oh 28 linden tree 200
can turn sweater cultural connection
sixty Christ pass Junction rain free no
comment
113 pass Junction Len five times three
don't cut 60
right three homes long pass Junction
down turn square right eighty
like my locker 150
caution turn right - no car immediate
turned that old own code or 50 parcel a
mice
right boy continues 100
into caution total applied bank and the
key bit on insert pass Junction 18 crest
the forms crest token 80 right six don't
cut 80
of death right greenhorn back across
Junction left six plus Junction junker
and then white 560 pasture eighty crest
turn left to doctor
100 gosh breaking turn open happen right
though custom
Turner queue black dunker 150
crash splash junction left 5 into
brytewave over Christ
into caution left by block breaking
through game turn right credo and write
five tights for through dem
into the auto club open spawn 80
Bosh came and left down it's a hero
into left 680 right 680 care right for
what's on X in left 5 103 dem
portion breaking open happened lapse
into happen right now come to hundreds
left boy I'm impressed set him 100 down
horse-breaking turn open habit right
don't come a team
pressed 80 right six
three dem 100 double-cross keep left
injunction jump baby keep it rocks on
exit
102 dead right things to finish
you